Beginning of Journal
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
## Mon Nov 17 09:20:04 EST 2014

Dear daily work journal inside my github repository for the Pipulate project. I
just made this file, journal.txt. It's a pretty big deal to me where I keep my
daily journal, for it makes all sorts of decisions automatic, like whether, how
and where it gets published. By actually putting IN the repository for a free
and open source project on github, it will by definition get automatically
published every time I update it, commit changes on this file, and push. And
so, by making this my default first daily work journal location, I am putting
this "task" in charge of all other tasks--including my day-to-day work for
clients and such. And that's a good thing, because my effectiveness here is not
just as another SEO Microsoft Office suite jockey (Powerpoint, Word, email,
etc.) but rather it is in my ability to think different than others and act on
those differences to produce more and different and better results than others
in my field. Ultimately, my effectiveness in the field itself including
whatever it transforms into will be determined by my ability to think and act
better than others.

Okay, some of the things that have to change now are ensuring that my vim
environment is pretty much the same on all of the machines I sit down to work
out. I no longer am logging into some Rackspace or Raspberry Pi server to do my
work through SSH to some remote server (even if the server is sitting next to
me). Instead, I am getting my Linux / Python / vim and git environment right on
the machine I'm working on so that my web development address is localhost.
I've tried to avoid this for some time, but ultimately, it's better to not have
to log into some remote machine. It's even the way git was envisioned by Linus
Torvalds who figured he might want to see who fixed a bug at 30 thousand feet.
See? Linus didn't want to rely on that full-time connection to the Internet
just to do his thing. In today's world of mash-ups, it seems pretty far fetched
to do all your development work locally without an Internet connection, but
even in the case of Pipulate, all you need is a locally running webserver to
simulate the serving of some site on the Web, and using the csv-file interface
to Pipulate instead of the Google Docs interface, and development is totally
possible. I'd have to make access to JQuery, JQuery Mobile and any other
JavaScript libraries that I rely on local, but no big deal. Dev work on
Pipulate disconnected from the Internet is possible, and I should embrace that.

What's further, I should talk as freely as I can about the development of the
Pipulate project in a way that's just as high-profile, exposed and compelling
as those YouTube videos I do on Friday while I'm coding and while I'm walking
my dog in the morning on days I'm not coding. Doing journal entries here in the
repository keeps my mind where it should be--on what I'm doing with this
project and this code. It keeps me practicing vim constantly, and it makes
issues surrounding Pipulate "parent" to even issues surrounding my employers
(and by extension, MY) clients. But there's no problem that my clients face
that aren't specific instances of the types of larger general problems in the
industry that I'm designing Pipulate to address--and ultimately, let us help
our clients fix... and then train them to KEEP those things fixed, so they
don't keep popping out-of-whack. Pipulate is a little bit of a Swiss Army Knife
of SEO & Social tools that can be used on a case-by-case basis in order to do
special investigations (like keyword builds and the like), or it can be the
scheduled and distributed workhorse doing position and popularity monitoring,
distilling down the data into actionable next-step recommendations.

In other words, Pipulate is going to ROCK the SEO and Social worlds--not only
insofar as it will replace other much more expensive tools, but also in how it
will allow you to work with other Pipulators to create circles of private
collaborators to allow you to use each other as (respectfully) as private proxy
servers to distribute monitoring traffic and processing jobs. In yet more other
words, Pipulate will provide a lot of those abilities previously reserved for
only the most advanced technical Kung Fu gurus to the average (yet, slightly
still ambitious) marketer and wanna-be programmer. Pipulate provides a
framework to a large number of the fairly advanced monitoring and
service-interaction tasks you can imagine, while still not calling on you to do
that much programming directly yourself--until the time comes that you do. It's
a lot like that day you try your hand at Excel macros, but instead of such
silly throw-away work as macros within obsolescencing office software, you will
be trying your hand at the actual awesome Python Programming language. I plan
on Pipulate being a gateway drug to programming.

